The reason we choose Harsh’s original design is its GUI contains only one page and we can implement all the functions and operations in the page. In this way, our software is more user-friendly. In addition, its class structure is better because every class is reasonably divided.
Based on the original design, we decide to implement the SQL part which connects our data to database and Security market part which simulate the real stock market. So far, most of our plans work very well. Also, the money store in bank has only one kind of currency like Dollar but customers could store all kinds of currencies into bank. For the financial market, it will improve the efficiency of Currency circulation; For the bank, it doesn’t need to make currency conversion for so many times. For customer, he doesn’t need to calculate the conversion rate to determine whether he can afford a transaction or stock.

Bank Part
Account.java
File that implements basic bookkeeping for accounts, like keeping balance, rate, index, and a collection of transactions associated with the account.

Benefit to current design: Defines Common methods like getBalance, getRate, addTransaction for all descendent classes, specifically Checking, Loan, and Savings. Also defines abstract methods that are filled later, specifically applyInterest. Let’s us call applyInterest generically on all accounts without checking which type the account is.

Benefit to future design: Can be used in a design that requires accounts with bookkeeping, with possibilities for descendent classes to implement their own applyInterest.

AccountType.java
Stores the account types we have like Checking, Loan, and Savings.

Stores in Account stating which type of account it is.

In the future, we may have a new account type, we just add it here.

Login.java
Generic login page that interacts with generic Customers and Owners to give two different views depending on the type of account made. Maintains a hashmap of users, using a pair of username, password mapped to a Person. From there depending on the type of Person, we give two different views. The class provides the GUI for the login page as well.

Benefit to existing design: Defines abstract functions addCustomer, addOwner, ownerView, customerView so that any descendent class has access to them and can use the hashmap users that pairs usernames,passwords to a Person. The descendent class can define the extensions to Owner and Customer that make it specific to their business, and we can also define two custom views, one for owners and one for customers. This can also be specific to businesses.

Benefit to future designs: Login can be used for any GUI application that requires usernames and passwords and logging in.


Bank.java
Main workhorse of the program. Extends Login. Provides two different views for Bankers and BankCustomers. Defines several different views and subviews, based on click events. We store several constants, like the amounts of fees, and the array of Currencies we will use for the program. We also have a separate Transaction hashmap here, that is used for all transactions across Customers for the Bank. We define all the click event methods in the class, like add account, delete account, deposit, withdraw, view accounts, view transactions, randomly update the stock price and so on. We also define all the GUIs for all the views. Provides checks for all inputs making sure they are valid options, and also redraws GUI after successful method call. Basically, every function is implemented here other than logging in. In the new design, we add our stock market part to the GUI.

Benefit to future design: Useful for any bank application.


Transaction.java
Object that keeps various statistics for each transaction. A hashmap of transactions is maintained for each account. There is also a general hashmap that the banker can access that overlooks each account.

Benefit to existing design: Has fields like accountType, accountNumber, transactionType initialBalance, finalBalance, fees. These are displayed when we click on view Transaction from either the customer view or the owner view. In the new design, we record the transaction when we use saving account to buy and sell stock.

Benefit to future design: Can be used whenever there are accounts that need to handle transactions or keep a history of transactions.

Person.java
Generic Class that defines a person with a username and a password.

Benefit to current design: Gives a common interface that both Bankers and BankCustomers can use for the login system. We can call getPassword and getUsername for both.

Benefit to future designs: Can be used in any design that requires people with usernames and passwords.

Owner.java
Generic Class that extends from Person. Allows us to differentiate from Customers to give two different views after login.
Benefit to future design: Can be used in any future design that requires differentiation in Persons to give different views.


Customer.java
Generic Class that extends from Person. Allows us to differentiate from Owners to give two different views after login.
Benefit to future design: Can be used in any future design that requires differentiation in Persons to give different views.



BankCustomer.java
Specific extension of Customer class with a hashmap of accounts, and functions to add, remove, and get accounts.
Benefit to current design: Allows us to give each customer a set of accounts, without limiting the number of accounts they get. Allows us to access and manipulate those set of accounts as well.
Benefit to future design: Class is program specific, but can be used whenever a Customer needs a set of accounts.

Banker.java
Specific Banker Class that extends Owner. Plays the role of banker, managing the stock market such as updating the price of stocks.

Benefit to the current design: we need a manager of stock market to control it.

Benefit to the future design: in the future, we have to make a lot of advancement and revision in stock market so it is necessary to have a banker class.

Checking.java
Class that defines all Checking accounts. Extends from Account. defines its own applyInterest(do nothing), and sets relevant variables to be specific to Checking accounts, like setting accountType to "Checking".

Benefit to current design: Used to define checking accounts

Benefit to future designs: Can be used for checking accounts in future designs.

Savings.java
Class that defines all Checking accounts. Extends from Account. defines its own applyInterest, derived from rate and minAmount, and sets relevant variables to be specific to Savings accounts, like setting accountType to Savings. In the new design, we use the saving account to buy stock and get profit from selling stock.

Benefit to current design: Used to define Savings accounts

Benefit to future designs: Can be used for Savings accounts in future designs.

Loan.java
Class that defines all Loan accounts. Extends from Account. defines its own applyInterest, derived from rate, and sets relevant variables to be specific to Loan accounts, like setting accountType to Loan

Benefit to current design: Used to define Loan accounts

Benefit to future designs: Can be used for Loan accounts in future designs.

Currency.java
Class that keeps fields relevant to each currency, like textName, icon, and conversion rate. Each account is maintained at a base rate, but users can make transactions on whichever currencies the bank object is instantiated with, each transaction applies the conversion rate and then completes.

CurrencyUnit.java
Stores the currency attributes such as code, rate, and icon.

Benefit to the current design: A customer may have different types of currencies and a bank may be instantiated with different kinds of currencies.

Benefit to the future design: we may need addition or subtraction to the types of currency.

PairCopy.java
Pair class that we use to map both usernames and passwords to Person in Login.

Benefit to the current design: A perfect structure for mapping.

SQLConnection.java
Stores the constants about the configuration of MySQL. Open and close the connection of database.

Benefit to the current design: in charge of database connection.

Stock Market part
SecurityAccount.java
Has the methods that users
Main.java
Instantiated a Bank object with relevant currencies, and fee constants.

